# SubTempNet
## Python Package to apply concept used in the Bachelor Thesis "Effects of aggregation in temporal networks"
The thesis aims to examine how well aggregated networks represent their underlying temporal networks regarding accessibility (who can reach whom in a network). By aggregating the time dimension of a temporal network, information about the time-ordering of interactions is lost.  Since paths in temporal networks depend on this time-ordering, this information's loss may imply causally not existing paths and thereby wrong accessibility. 
The systematic exploration of empirical and random temporal networks showed that if a fully aggregated static network is considered as a representation of a temporal network, the goodness of representation regarding accessibility crucially depends on the considered temporal network's length. The aggregated static network is a good representation of the underlying temporal network if the considered temporal network is either short or long. In between, there is a critical range of temporal network lengths for which the aggregated static network implies paths that are not causally existing in the temporal network and therefore is a bad representation.  Only as the temporal network becomes longer and overcomes this critical range, these paths start to be present causally in the temporal network, and the aggregated static network becomes a good representation again.  Where this critical range lies depends on the temporal network that is considered.
It turns out that emerging clusters in the aggregated network are crucial for the goodness of representation, since they imply paths that are not necessarily causally present in the temporal network. When such clusters emerge and how fast the temporal network catches up with the paths implied by them depends on the temporal network's activity and can vary between communities. Thus, an aggregated network might represent one community of a network well while at the same time representing another community poorly, depending on the length of the temporal network considered.  

